hello everyone welcome back this is
sleepless ninja I had a little fix out
there for some of the viewers who aren't
able to play farmville on the web
browser on the zoom some of you might be
already being able to because there was
another fix for automatically loading
the desktop version of a website instead
of the mobile website and this fix
actually fixes the farmville problem as
well as well as other flash games on
Facebook but let's see the error first
so you should be getting this error
howdy farmers farmville is currently not
available for this device now basically
what happens is it thinks that because
of the tagging Facebook thinks this
mobile device is your Android phone and
that's why it loads mobile web pages as
well as this error for the zoom it
doesn't realize that this is actually a
much bigger device with a much bigger
screen where you know you can actually
load the nice full desktop version of
web content however the solution all you
have to do is type in about : the bug
and then just press Enter nothing will
happen however now that you go to
settings you'll have this new debug menu
and all you want to do is click on you a
string you'll see that it's an Android
mode set it to desktop now that is in
desktop mode we can go back to FarmVille
and let's reload the page
in fact let's go go back to the homepage
click on farmville
and you can now see farmville is loading
you pretty much get a full screen
experience and I've never played
farmville but also I'm not really sure
how this works but the full screen is
there our farmville is ready for you to
play on the zoom I hope this helps all
viewers out there that we're looking for
a solution thank you very much for
watching please subscribe to my channel
for daily zoom updates overviews on
applications and fixes have a great day